User Guide
      Step 1) The program will prompt the user for their username, password, and the name of the database 
they would like to access. If all credentials are correct (in this case: lbarbosa01, 995919, hw3lbarbosa01), the 
user should see the statement: “Connection Established.”
      Step 2) Once the connection is established, a menu with several options will be shown. The purpose for 
this menu is to show certain sales information based on the queries the user wants to run. To select a certain
option, the user must enter the number to the left of the option. After selecting a query, the query results will be 
shown and the menu will appear again, allowing the user to select a different option. If an invalid number is 
entered, the menu will reappear. Entering any invalid characters in the menu or Query1 and Query2 will cause 
an input error, ending the program. 
Menu Options:
      [1]Query1– This option shows all the supplier information for any supplied product. Once the 
       query is selected, the user must enter a Product ID (example: 110). The id, name, 
       rating, and storage of all suppliers who supply that product will be shown. 
      [2]Query2 – This option shows all the Product IDs and Supplier IDs for any product that costs 
       less than a given value. Once the query is selected, the user must enter a cost value
       (example: 33.99). When a value is entered, a list of Product IDs of products that cost 
       less than the entered value and the Supplier IDs that supply that product will appear.
      [3]Query7 – This option shows the widget information for any widget with no customer orders. 
       The widget id, description, parts, and condition will be shown for any widgets that 
       have no customer orders. 
      [4]Query9 – This option shows the total amount of widgets ordered for each widget. The Widget 
       ID and the total widgets ordered for that widget will appear. 
      [5]Query10 – This option shows the number of widgets responsible for shipping a widget to a 
       customer. The Customer ID and the total number of warehouses responsible for 
       shipping to that customer will be shown. 
      [6]Exit Program – This option will leave the menu and stop the program. Once selected, this 
       option will show “Exited Program.”
